We're going to have a David and Goliath drag race battle. So here I have a Hummer H2 and I'm going to be racing it against my little Suzuki Jimney over the stunning quarter mile to see which is quickest. That has 6 liters, that has like 1.5 litres. You'd think it was a foregone conclusion, but it's not. I'm Matt Watson and you're watching Carwow. The Suzuki Jimny has a 1.5 litre naturally aspirated 4 cylinder engine with 101 horsepower and 130 newton meters of torque. It drives the RE wheels in normal mode via a 5 speed manual gearbox. The car weighs in at 1100 kg and it cost me 22,000 pounds when it was new. The Hummer H2 has a 6.2 litre naturally aspirated V8 with 398 horsepower and 563 Nm of torque. It has 4 wheel drive and a 6 speed automatic gearbox. The Hummer weighs in at 2850 kg and costs around 45,000 pounds to import from the USA. So Brad, what do you think is going to happen here, mate? Honestly, I think I'm going to have you off the line, but I think you might be able to reel me back in. How slow is that thing? The Jimny doesn't reel anything back in. It can barely reel pedestrians back in. It's the size of a boat. This is going to be one of the slowest drag races ever. At least I have an excuse for going slowly because I've only got 1.5 liters. Whereas, remind me, what have you got? So this has a 6 liter Vortec V8, but again it's an American V8, so it's very underpowered for the size. First thing we're gonna do anyway, Brad, is a sound check and you are gonna win this. Cause this is what my Jimny sounds like. It sounds like 1.5 liters of 100 horsepoweriness. Ready? Is it on? Yeah, it's on. Look, my turn. Oh, sorry. Is your car on? Yes. I can't hear anything. Let's try something else. How about a horn test? So this is my horn. Hi. You're right, I've got a hundred horsepower. Let's hear your horn. This isn't much better, you know, a bit better, but it doesn't sound like the rest of the vehicle. It's not quite right for the car. Okay, let's race. It's enough of that. Oh, there is one interesting Feature of this car that no other car has, I don't think. Is it the weirdest wrap known to man? No. One button every window. I quite like that. That's like the fart button, isn't it? So if you fart windows down, vent the car. Okay. Do you use that quite a lot on camera? No. It's a yes. Now I'm trying to find, like, a button that I have that you don't have. Oh, actually, I've got a button that washes my headlamps. Is that doing anything? Okay, so I've got a button that shows headlamp washer that doesn't actually do anything. Have you got a button that operates but doesn't actually do anything? This is American. So there's a lot of buttons that don't seem to work anymore. No, this probably never worked. All right, let's just stop messing around and get on with this race. I'm trying to delay because I think I'm going to get humiliated. Oh, I've stalled. Not a good start. Right, here we go. Come on. Three, two, one. Come on. No. Oh, a little. Cheer up. He was just bluming. Playing me. That's way faster. Come on. Me. My engine's probably going to explode. That's annoying. I had traction off and it kind of came back on. Let's try again, though. So you won, but things didn't happen as we thought. You thought you would beat me off the line. You didn't. But then you definitely just cruised past. That's the first time in this car's history that someone has actually beat me off the line. And then I've actually caught up with them. It's the wrong way around. Okay. It's best two out of three, though. So we're gonna have another drag race. I need to take at least a second or so at the quarter mile time. I don't know if this is feasible. 3, 2, 1. That's a good one. Oh, he's beat me off the line again. Come on. And why does it put the traction back on again? Stupid car. Ah, he's coming past now. Oh, it's closer. It's closer. No. Come on, Jimny. This is close up. Oh, mate. That was the closer race. That was. You managed to just come past me. Stay ahead and then keep ahead. What did you do to that car? Cause that seemed to want to pull towards the end. Yeah, no, he wasn't pulling towards the end. It was all right off the line. I don't think I'm going to beat yours, but I might beat you in the next race. But before that, here's the thing. So then what exactly happened? Well, the Hummer won. It completed the standing quarter mile in 18.8 seconds. The Suzuki took 19.1 seconds. Want to sell your car quickly, easily and for a fair price. Then head to Carwow to have over 4,000 trusted dealers ready to bid on it in an online auction. First, enter your car's registration to get an instant approximate valuation. Then, if you want to proceed, give us some more details and upload some photos and we'll help you set a fair reserve price for your car. That's the minimum amount you'd be happy to sell it for. Once you've done that, we'll enter your car into an online auction. When the auction's over, we'll let you know the result and the dealer with a winning bid will be in touch to arrange easy payment and free collection of your car. 93% of sellers surveyed said they got the price they expected or more through carwow. The best bit is it's completely free. I put a link in the description of this video and the pinned comment to take you directly to Carwow, where over 4,000 dealers are ready to bid on your car. Or you can just click on the pop out button that should be appearing in the top right hand corner of the screen now. Alternatively, just Google help me carwowow and we will help you sell your car quickly, easily and for a fair price. On with the video. What we're going to do is roll into this race from second gear and it's going to be around 30 miles an hour and we'll race to the half mile and we'll see which one wins. But we'll also look down as we're passing the half mile cones to see what our top speed is. Because it'd be quite interesting to see how low our top speeds are. Yes, because I think this thing struggles to get above 85. Really? I think I have the same problem. One thing is for sure, though, your car costs a lot more money to go slowly than mine does. But then again, I get a whole lot more car for the money. That is true. That is true. We're cruising along and I'm going to call it in now. 3, 2, 1, go. Always kick down. Right, here comes the quarter mile. Oh, no, it's. Oh, no, it's gone into fourth. I'm coming back at him. Oh, this is going to be close. Come on, little Jim. He's coming back at me now. No. Okay. Why? Has he gone up again? No. Oh, no, he's just changed gear and he's had it. Yes. So I was doing about 85 there, I think. What were you doing? Because I came past you at the end. I thought you were going to come back at me. But then your car changed up gear and that was the end of you. Yeah, it was about 75ish. And it decided then to change up into fourth. I can't believe that my car is quicker than your car in a roll. I mean, six litres. What's the miles per gallon you get out of that? It ranges anywhere from four to about eight or nine. Maybe. Eight or nine at best. Yeah. It's slightly, isn't it? But also very, very cool at the same time. I mean, it smiles per mile, isn't it, Matt? I'll get that from my gym. Neat. Do you know what we should do, though, off road battle next time? Well, I've seen what you do to Hummers when you go against an off road. I believe I can drive and I don't really want to break this because you seem to kill these things. Yeah, that wasn't me, it was the driver. But anyway, let's do one last test. We are going to do a brake test. We'll do it from 60 miles an hour. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Now, if you'd rather watch another drag race, just click on the Pop out banner appearing in the top right hand corner of the screen or just follow the QR code on screen. Now, using your mobile phone. Here's the cone coming now. Oh, my God, that's scary. Oh, God. Stop, stop, stop. Did you hit the brake pedal? My stomach's just fallen out of where it shouldn't have done because that was terrifying. I wouldn't be driving that back. Especially not as you're towing. You just stay in there. Okay. Don't get out. I just want to do something. What I'm going to do is actually measure it. 1, 2, 3, 4, 27, 28, 29, 50, 51, 52, 69, 70, 71, 80, 80 meters. What happened? The ABS didn't really want to kick in, so it wasn't really breaking. But I won the drag race. That's all that matters. But honestly, like, how do you stop on the road? Was it because the brakes got hot from just stopping after that last. The rolling race or something? We'll go with that. We'll go with that. Did you press the brake pedal? It was to the floor. It was surprisingly alarming. Really? Cause that is some distance. Yeah. But Hang on. You stop really well. No, but I mean really well. So my car would have stopped in about 34 meters. Right? That's what most cars will stop from from 60 miles an hour. Yours has taken over 100 meters. If you take my like 35 meters and your 80 meters. Do you want to just check your brakes again Because I'm a little bit concerned about this. Yes. Should we try again? Well, I don't want to try again because it's rather funny. I mean I don't mind trying again because this time I'm going to try and put the pedal through the floor because we have just done a drag racing weekend at Santa Pod. So the brakes might be. But I don't know. I had new pads a couple of weeks ago. Yeah, go on. Let's just try it again. Should we try it again? Yeah. There we go. Braking. Okay, Brad, bit better than before if you just stay there. Let's just see what it is this time. 1, 2, 3, 4. 18, 19, 21. Bizarre. 36, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40. Well done, Brad. See you look better. That's half the gap that it was before. So only 40 metres ahead of me. Yeah, I think ABS didn't want to kick in that first time. You're classing this as a successful brake test? This is successful, is it not? It's like 75 meters to stop from 60 miles an hour. So that's more than one meter per mile an hour from a relatively low speed. I will get your brakes checked. Anyway. Thanks for coming down, Brad. Not a problem, Not a problem. Make sure you're nowhere near me on the road when you're driving this back. Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed the video. If you did give it a like, would you drive this car? I don't know if I would. Anyway, let us know. Sounds good. Let us know in the comments. Anyway, if you want to watch some more videos just click on the video windows and if you want to compare these cars quarter mile times to everything else we've drag race then hit the carwell logo to check out the Carwow drag race leaderboard. Thanks for watching. See you next time.